allow bao status to set output field (#3750)
openbao/openbao: changelog/3750.txt

```release-note:improvement

> command/status: Add support for the `-field` argument

Reviewer: ```suggestion
command/status: Add support for the `-field` flag on `bao status`. 
```
~we've tried standardizing the format of changelog a bit lately, for CLI command changes we've always used just `command` as a category.~

EDIT: seems like more granularity is preferred

Reviewer 2: wrong (see https://github.com/openbao/openbao/blob/main/CHANGELOG.md)

> command/status: Add support for the `-field` argument

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
command/status: Add support for `-field` argument to `bao status`.
```

Let's reuse the format of the previous changelog entry (`bao token lookup`) just so it's consistent.
